When I started to learn basic HTML and CSS back when the geocities era was popular, my young mind was easily to grasp the concept of coding up until maybe 2010, I was still using the same type of coding method. Now that I'm older (and with fewer brain cells), learning new techniques on how to code HTML and CSS was a little bit of a struggle especially when programming languages are added to the mix. Speaking of mix, last week I was eagered to learn about the CSS preprocessors such as Sass and Less. I've heard about CSS preprocessors a couple of years ago but for some reason, wasn't interested in trying it. I think I was a little bit too stubborned at the time to want to learn the extension (which is bad for an aspiring web developer!) and also, I did not know any other programming languages like C# or JavaScript, which can be an issue for those who are trying to learn preprocessors since it features the basics of programming logic (it may take a while to learn it but don't worry, you'll get there!). 

What do I like about preprocessors?
If you have created style sheets before, you may understand how fun and annoying it can be. I am very guilty of having an unorganized, repetitive stylesheet but when I revised the same css file from months ago, I still get confused on what was going on. I was not following the DRY (Don't repeat yourself) rule and pretty much WET (Write everything twice) everything for the past couple of years. I did not want to work with another web developer for the sake of my embarrassing coding skills. I was also working harder not smarter. Using preprocessors will make your code easier to maintain and saves you time by using variables, mixins, and functions that you can define a value or group of values in your document. 

What I don’t like about preprocessors?
Well, for someone who is not quite an experienced programmer (I’ve started to learn C# like 2 years ago), it can be a little bit discouraging to learn. However, once I actually start messing around with it, it is kind of easy to catch on and understand how the basic of it works (but once you start adding Loops into the picture, I’m pretty much a goner). Duplications are still an issue. While preprocessors are smart and have some awesome performance increase, we still run into the same error of duplicating code when mixins and extensions are combined (and may be even harder to maintain than a bloated stylesheet). 

Here is an example that I had to do for an assignment:
<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="pwDCy" data-default-tab="result" data-user="ikisszombies" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/ikisszombies/pen/pwDCy/'>pwDCy</a> by Jennifer Phanchareune (<a href='http://codepen.io/ikisszombies'>@ikisszombies</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script> 
