A Game of Shark and Minnow.... a scroll story about the history of Ayungin. While I am a bit guilty of not reading the entire story, I was admiring the design aspect of the site and how beautifully it was executed. The video background and sound definitely gave me the senses of being out there in the sea and the journey through the Shoal. It felt like I was watching a mini documentary on Netflix. 

What I found most engaging about the site was the use of videos as the background. Even sizing it down to a tablet or mobile resolution, the video background still responds well to the responsive design. While I understand portraying a long story on a site will require some adjustments to the design, what I found a little bit distracting was the transition from the video section onto the articles section. Maybe transitioning from a dark to white background creates this sudden "jump" for me. It's just my personal preference; others might view it quite differently. Another issue I would have about the design is the navigation menu. The top navigation is fine when displayed on either tablet or desk resolution, however, the navigation doesn't respond well when it is sized down to mobile resolution. The page links and social media icons tend to "stack" on top of each other and when present with a white background, it made it difficult to see the navigation. I would have suggested the menu change by using the toggle approach. This will keep it simple, clean, and gives an easier way to navigate the links without the need to "find" it. Overall, I enjoyed the experience of the website because of the "feel" I received from it despite the few flaws I've encountered throughout.
