---
layout: post
title: More web components! Yay!
---

So breeching more into the topic of web components, it is questioned rather this is a good path for the future of web development or not? Will there be issues within the future where web development consists of going to a site like Custom Elements and piecing together an app? While comprehending the idea of web components is still kind of a challenge for me but from playing around with it and reading more about the topic, it’s still kind of exciting for me. I love clean coding (then again, who doesn’t?) and I like to do things the easy way (again, who doesn’t?). Working with web components will help developers encapsulate their HTML, CSS, and Javascript so it doesn’t interfere with the rest of the page and the page doesn’t interfere with it. The one feature that will get me all fizzy bubbly is the benefits of using the template element. Not necessary new to the world of web but wrapping the content in the <template> element will give some important properties such as not having side side effects for the content within the template (the script won’t run, audio doesn’t play, etc. until the template is used) or that templates can be placed anywhere in the HTML document within the <head>,<body>, or <frameset> and contains any type of content which is allowed in those elements. Utilizing web components for the future of web development may have a few downsize to it as well. With sites such as Custom Elements, it is easy to grab and piece together an app and while it is nice to have the sources there, I feel like it does limit the ability you have to be able to craft your own scripts. However, it’s not always the case. Just like using html boilerplates, there always room to craft something to make it your very own and with the web constantly changing, there is always growth in the future of web development.
