---
layout: post
title: Web Components... um.. what?
---

My mind is blown and when I mean blown, I meant it in two ways: 1. how awesome the concept of web component is and 2. how lost I am trying to catch up with web components. My first reaction on web components was a little bit intimidating it was and how discouraging it was to step up my game in the web development industry. Clearly I was kind of stuck in the early 2000s of web design and just learned this programming stuff couple of semesters ago (but hey, I'm getting a hang of it!). Once I read more about web components, the more intrigued I was. It's going to be a game changer in the world of web! 

First off... what are web components? Web components allows us to bundle markup and styles into custom HTML elements. It consists of four building blocks: Shadow DOM, HTML Templates, Custom Elements, and HTML Imports. I was really keened on the idea of Custom elements which gives you the flexibility to create elements based on their function and giving us low-level access to define their properties. Another awesome feature about custom elements is that you can extend existing HTML elements as well as custom ones. For example, you can extend a regular < button > element and create a new element that inherits the prototype. Another building block that sparked my curiosity is the Shadow DOM. The name itself sounds intimidating to me and why have I never heard of this before?! Is it a villian for browsers? So what is it? Well, apparently it allows the browser to inject some DOM elements into the rendered document that is displayed on our screen. It gives us the best features of iframes, style, and markup encapsulation without the bloat. So not so scary sounding anymore right? Anyways, I'm not going to go on a full tutorial on each building blocks of the web components because I'm still learning it myself! Overall, I am feeling excited and yet, intimidated on the idea of this game changer. The only pitfall I see on it is just the browser compatibilities because I sometimes still use Safari (laugh all you want) and there are some that still uses IE (like my boyfriend's parents for example). Hopefully down the future I'll be able to post more about the beauties of web components. 
